#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
astroid==3.3.8
    # via pylint
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
coverage==7.6.10
    # via -r requirements/test.in
cryptography==44.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
defusedxml==0.8.0rc2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
dill==0.3.9
    # via pylint
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-mysql
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-organizations
    #   jsonfield
    #   openedx-filters
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-fake-model==0.1.4
    # via -r requirements/test.in
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-organizations
django-mysql==4.15.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-simple-history==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-organizations
django-waffle==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-organizations
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pymongo
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-django-utils==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-drf-extensions==10.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-organizations
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-organizations
edx-organizations==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via pylint
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mock==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
newrelic==10.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openedx-filters==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
packaging==24.2
    # via pytest
path==17.1.0
    # via path-py
path-py==12.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pbr==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-organizations
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via pylint
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
psutil==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycodestyle==2.12.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pymongo==4.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pytest==8.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-django
pytest-django==4.9.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.17.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
social-auth-core==4.5.4
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
testfixtures==8.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via pylint
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
